hey what's going on YouTube rice rocket
99 here with a trade binder update some
shout outs and also I'm a scammer alert
just recently I was scammed by three
people they'll had a lot of rafts or
supposedly had a lot of wrath some and
I'll make sure I put their user IDs in
the description and i'll also put down
their info on my channel because I'm
they deleted their accounts so yeah
first I want to give out a shout out to
pause Joker he's a real cool guy thanks
for the cards um overall just a great
guy in general j choo choo he's an
awesome trader real trusted guy so sub
to him and also s javits farley my it's
very trusted good trader sub to him as
well o have older links in the
description and sub to all three just
for my roles i don't send first even if
you have more reps than I do so if
you're coming to me for a trade you're
going to have to send first and please
let all your cards be in mint condition
all of mine are sending top loaders as
well and kind of have some new one so
i'll post them up in the description and
so yeah oh i also have for trade a
monster binder yeah it's pink i know but
it's cool still filled
everything having used it so I'm putting
out for trade because I'm not too sure
if I want to use it and so you know just
offer pretty good for you and another
cool thing that I have here is some
Nance tokens they're still sealed yep
pretty cool so on with the binder
it's an ultimate loyal two fairies from
that in peril from tin
and this is a superhero so I don't know
if you can see it but is super
and basically I'm only to be trading him
towards by you because it's one of my
biggest ones Bobby Lee to coaching
three trillions tracer pressurise old
rise up
let's common Spy superest a low scores
2d prisons and three super dark bribes
and then there's some other stuff that I
have some of the lesser valued three
black rooms
super
to altered our course
prime material gold
on old
single j-man just a bunch of common
black wings reckless komen reckless
greed to bec me nights crap tokens and
random plan and glad so yeah so that's
my trade binder everyone the rolls again
will be in the description in my warm
sand please only offer from our lungs
and yeah so that will be it i'm also
going to be opening up a ancient
prophecy box pretty soon so i'll post
that up as soon as i get it and yeah so
thanks